Hey, Sophia!
What are you reading?
Um . . .
Hey!
Hey, give me my hat back!
Come on, give it back!
It’s mine!
I feel so bad for Zoe.
Her grandma died.
I wanted to tell her about Jehovah,
but I got scared!
I wish I was more brave.
Sophia,
you can be brave.
I’ll tell you what,
let’s work on a little project together.
There’s a little girl
that I want you to meet.
She needed boldness too.
Hey, she looks like me!
She’s very much like you.
What’s her name?
Well, the Bible doesn’t say.
She’s in the Bible?
Yes.
Why is she scared?
She’s in a strange place, far from home,
surrounded by people
who don’t worship Jehovah.
She was taken from her family
and forced to work in the home
of a mighty warrior called Naaman.
Life as a slave was very hard,
especially for a little girl.
The warrior was
a mighty man and fearless.
He had defeated many enemies in battle.
But now he was sick.
His illness was like an enemy
that he could not defeat.
No one in the land
knew how to help him.
What are you staring at?
Get back to work!
The master is so sick!
There’s no hope left for him.
None of the gods have cured his illness.
Jehovah can!
What did you say?
Uh, I said, ”Jehovah.”
Never say that name here!
Don’t you know where you are?
We don’t worship your “God of Israel”!
These are our gods!
But-but I was just saying that . . .
You must learn to keep silent!
Daddy, Daddy!
No!
Uh-Uh.
Your father is sick!
No, please, I want to stay!
Mommy, please!
I’m sorry. No!
Oh, my dear.
Master, I know what can help.
What?
Never say that name here!
You must learn to keep silent!
Um, can I get you some more food?
Fine.
Jehovah, I’m scared.
I miss my mom and dad.
Mom told me
I could always call on you for help,
but nobody here wants me to talk about you.
Jehovah, I know you can help Naaman!
Please make him better
so that he can play with his kids.
Please help me to be brave
so that I can tell him about you.
Never say that name here!
You must learn to keep silent!
I know who could help your husband.
Who?
Jehovah, the God of Israel, my God!
His prophet can heal your husband!
He must go to him!
Milady!
Whoa!
The master has returned!
You are healed!
Daddy, Daddy!
Oh, my love!
Can I hug you, Daddy?
Of course, come here!
Come here, my son!
Mm, Daddy, I missed you so much!
Now I know
that there is no other God anywhere,
only Jehovah.
Thank you, little one.
Thank you for telling me about him.
She didn’t know what was going to happen
after she spoke up,
but she knew no matter what happened
that Jehovah would be with her.
And Jehovah will be with you too, Sophia!
I’ll never be as brave as her.
Of course you will, Sophia!
You just need a little practice,
and then you will be bold too!
Do you remember what we’re doing tonight?
Family worship?
Right!
Maybe tonight we can make
a pretend classroom
in the kitchen.
I can be Zoe,
and Dad and Caleb can be the other kids.
You can practice being bold with us,
and then tomorrow
you’ll be all set for Zoe.
I thought that I couldn’t be brave,
but I learned from the little Hebrew girl.
She was just like me,
and Jehovah helped her to be brave.
I’m sorry about your grandma.
This is for you.
It will help you feel better.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye.
Hey, Timmy, do you want to see
what I was reading on the bus?
Sure!
This book teaches us about Jehovah.
Jehovah?
Yeah!
That’s God’s name.
It tells us about a happy future
for the earth,
plus there’s a bunch of pictures in here
to help you learn about him.
Wow, pretty cool!
Thank you!
Bye!
I want to tell people
at school about Jehovah.
If I’m ever afraid,
I know he’ll help me
because he is my Friend.